Now let's think about Another use case we might have when we are sending emails now for example.
Currently we send that email with the link to their user name to the blog post and the content of the
comment.
But let's imagine you would also like to supply the image of the person that has written the comment.
So first let's go to the profile so we can do it with the John Doe profile.
I happen to have an image but if you don't and you won't have it if you have run then my database cedar.
Let's go ahead and upload some image doesn't really matter what that is.
Remember where to get those e-mails from from the lectures about image uploading.
Now John Doe has a profile image so we can go to a blog post and try to comment.
But first let's think about how we should actually attach this image.
So I've said that we shouldn't use any direct public view URLs to any of our services or domains because
the email clients are quite restrictive about this they may filter out those images.
So we should attach this e-mail somehow.
So how we will actually do that is there is a specific variable available inside all of your e-mail
templates and it is called a message.
Now the message has a method called embed and basically what we will do right here is we will specify
that you are L to the image that we want to attach and then lot of oil will attach this image and it
will be displayed inside this image tag.
So actually this is pretty cool stuff.
Now what we know about our comment is that it has a user and now each user has an image which is one
to one polymorphic and it relates to an image model.
Now image model we know that we store image paths and this will have your URL method that will give
us the proper you URL to the actual path to the image.
Thanks to this storage your URL method.
So we will get the avatar image of the user that has added this comment so we can just call this method
here.
So comment user your URL mind that it has to be used using message embed.
And now let's see the magic.
So I am writing as John Doe that has our profile image.
It's important that you did that before and let's say something with that image now post this and I've
made a mistake somewhere here.
Well actually I forgot to close the parentheses so fixed out save the changes and now refresh.
Well apparently I also forgot that the user has an image but there is no you or L on the user model.
Actually there's comment.
Comment has user user has image and only then we can call your URL.
Now let's refresh this finally
now.
This was sent.
Let's get to the mail drop and it's magical.
So what you see is the title all the content that we had but we also have our user profile image.
So of course you can style it a little bit better not to be just plain as it is right now.
But now let's inspect this element.
So what you see is that this image is actually uploaded on the male trap.
So it's not directly linked from our domain.
It would be impossible for anyone to read it anyway because what we have right here is lot of our dot
test which only runs from our development machine.
It's nowhere available publicly on the Internet so this image was actually attached and then Lara VO
generated a proper you URL and everything looks perfect.
So this is how you would send any images or content though that you might need to include in your emails
which might be some kind of images.
And in the next lecture we'll also see how we can actually attach our normal attachments that then user
would be able to download.
So this could be anything.
If you have some kind of shops you can send some attachments with some PDA documents things like that
but we do not have anything which is other than image in our application so you will just see how you
can attach an image to an email.
So see you in the next lecture.